# Project-WellNest-qlin23-adifabio-mmunizde-jnishimu
Our application WellNest is an interactive app catered towards the elderly and their loved ones. The main purpose of WellNest is allowing the elderly to easily alert their location and safety to their loved ones. Oftentimes the elderly have difficulty navigating apps and things online, so we have tried to make this application simple.

How to: when you first open our application, you will see a “Sign up” and “Sign in” button. Both make use of Clerk authentication. Once you have signed up and signed in, a login button will appear. Once you click this, you will be at the main dashboard of our application. They dashboard shows 3 main buttons. The top one is a “Check in” button, which is for the elderly. The elderly can click that button, which then sends them to the Check in page where they can click the check in button to update their location and time. The most recent check in time and location for each respective user is displayed on this page and the data is stored in the backend through our addLocation handler. Going back to the dashboard, the next button on the page is the “Manage Users” page. Clicking this button navigates you to the page where you can add users that can view your location. To do this, put the email address of the person into the input box and click “Add User”. If the email address is a valid email address, the user will be added to the “Allowed Users” part and this data will be stored in the backend through the AddAllowedUsers handler. You can then go back to the dashboard and click the “Check Location” button, which sends you to the check locations page. This page shows a list
of the users that have you on their allowed users list. This part gets previous allowed user data from the backend from the getAllowedUsers handler. You can click on each of the users to go to the users page, which displays their last checked location and time, which is data from the getLocation handler.